Hello everyone and welcome to this election.
This election is going to walk you through with your solutions simply for the last questions.
All right.
So let's get started.
I hope you guys were able to figure out you know maybe couple of questions.
If not that's fine.
Don't worry about it.
We're just going to work through all of them.
First question I'm asking you to print first.
Second unless elements within the list.
All right.
Let's stick a look so to print the first elements and say okay print.
Right.
And we're going to see a list here the name off the list which is Nemes right open square brackets.
And then I need to print the first elements of the first element Sarah has an index of zero for you
as a member of PLEASE.
Again he listed the member the first element of the list has an index of the right as most of those
have covered that or adopt it for granite.
They'll come up with serious looks.
If I copy that and I need to do it twice so you need to do this.
And I wanted to be the second element.
So the second element has an index of one and to print the last element which as Rob has that index
if you do negative indexing will do minus 1 and that should obtain again Sarah Chanel eyedrop which
is great.
Perfect.
That was pretty easy.
Your next question is I wanted to print all elements in the list.
Print schnall Mitch and Ryan here in the first three elements are I print the last three elements here
and skip each other.
OK.
Let's take a look at what we could do if we wanted to first to print all elements I can do that by seeing
we print.
I'm going to say Nemes open square bracket and then went to print.
All of them was going to see Colin and that should print them out and then here we got them off script
and I could do it it just going to press a to create new cells and I just want to make it you know kind
of a little bit readable.
I'm going to do this on it again and again.
So that's the first answer of the question.
The second one is I wanted to copy this.
Put it here and I wanted to print here.
Chanel MITCHELL Right.
Okay and it print deals because remember this has index of zeo index of one grade so I need to print
starting from index of one right and then any.
This is Index one.
This is.
This is three right.
And if you're as a member we wanted to take this into consideration.
Then you have to think for here.
Just simply if I put the four I'm going to go from elements 1 2 and 3 and simply are going to skip the
number 4 right.
If I don't that means to come up with another match Orion which is basically what you were requesting
in the actual question.
The next question is I want to print the first three elements or write the first three elements within
the the list.
I can say OK print.
Are going to see names or point again square brackets.
I'm going to say okay I need to print the first three elements in order to do that I can look into print
this this and this right so I can do that actually by say look at Colin and then 3.
If they do this I mean okay in all elements up to 3 which is.
That's why you come up with another great next element.
The next question I wanted to print the last three elements.
That's actually easy so I can do that.
Seeing kid print rights again square Nemes square brackets and I can do again negative indexing but
I need to print the last three elements.
I can do that by single.
I need to print mine in a three hour and then common this basically say okay I need to print to get
all the elements from minus 3 and moving on.
And that's basically all the estimates they have here.
If I done that that would come up with holy Alex wrong.
Let's see if I wanted to get a let's say Ryan as well.
I'm going to say okay minus four.
Except for an idea.
That's why I come up with basically these these last 40 albums.
Let's go back and make it three so you won't get confused.
That's all I am looking for.
The last one I wanted to do I wanted to print every Or skip each other element.
So simply I wanted to print for example say I skipped Chanel and all mentioned so I can do their best
to get print.
I think we didn't cover that in the concept section but that's fine.
Well you got to do here is simply names.
I'm going to do it by basically do Colin.
Colin to that simply we're going to say okay skip each other element alright and print the names so
that's why going to come.
Sarah Mitch Hawley and rock which is great.
Alright.
Perfect.
Okay.
I hope that wasn't too hard.
The next question that we have here is I wanted to play in SALLY SARA said you know.
And then Ali.
OK.
So if you as a member these are kind of nested lists So that's they don't have a list that's nested
within a larger list here.
OK.
Let's take a look.
So I wanted to print first the SARAH.
Sarah simply is contained within the next list.
Right.
Which is an eastern list.
Do you ever take it print.
My list or prescribe jackets.
First I wanted to say okay what's the location of this element in the larger list in the big lists.
I have elements zeo all that has an index of one right.
This is in books too.
This is Indicus three.
And what I need to do here the thing I wanted to key to prevent to get the index of one so that's one
that will get me in the larger list here sorry in the nested list.
Right.
And I wanted to get the element or the name Sarah in there.
In order to do that I need to say okay in my less nested list within my nested list I need a team.
I'm sorry I want to talk in Sally and I apologize.
I get up in this element right this element actually to open again this quebecer and say okay this is
index of zero within the smallest This is in the of one within the near smallest and make it 1 1 4 on
it that will you.
Oh my apologies that my list.
And we'll open.
One one actually didn't run it sorry I didn't find it.
And then when you run it you come up with Sally which is basically the element that we have here which
is three.
Next one is I wanted to print.
Sarah Sally NGO which is simply all this is actually pretty easy that's an easy one.
It's like meac Print.
I open my lists square brackets and just need the element number one which is simply this has the element
of zero in the larger list.
This is all that is basic isn't in the case of one which is what I'm looking for.
And it will come up with serious challenges which is great.
The next one is that one wanted to print Ali was two different ways which is basically the last element
two different ways.
One of them I can use negative indexing.
I think it print my list.
Open square.
In this case minus one.
That's an easy one.
OK.
The other way of doing it is that I say okay I wanted to again copy that.
Copy it here and so doing the negative indexing.
I know this has index of zero.
This is the index of one.
This is index of two index of three.
So if I come here and say OK it is in the three that should basically these two should have been the
exact same answer and that the fact that you come up with the exact same answer which is exactly what
I was looking for which is great.
Alright.
The next question that we have is they wanted to print the length of the list and add your name to the
list which is kind of you know I want you to do some extensive research here.
So if you guys can see here we have.
This is my list and I wanted to simply print the length of the list.
We have done that before.
We covered it before hitting a silk print.
Right.
And I need to get up in the length of my list was easy for that you would come up with four that's why
which makes sense because here we have actually four elements in my list.
Let's assume they wanted to append say a pen.
That means I wanted to add an additional element of the list.
We did a couple of them before but again he tried to give you kind of a hint to guess and look it up
so it could say I can apply in method let's call append to append or add additional elements to my list.
Listicle Look I misspoke in my list.
Okay which is the name of the list ocasek in dot which is applying a method to my list of a silk.
P.
Open parentheses and then write whatever name you want.
7 7 mining for example if I had done that nothing happened everything is good.
That means the cell has ran and if I say okay let's say prints my list now which is my new list.
If I add on that the owner would come up with you'd find the name line has been added to it which is
great.
That's exactly what I was when I was asking for the question.
So let's stop here and let's continue in the next lecture through the next questions.
I hope you guys enjoyed that lecture and see you in the next one.